[KUROSE] Let's hope 108's
your lucky number,
'cause this is the devil
we picked for you.
And we chose the Future Devil.
Currently has contracts with
two Public Safety agents.
One gave half their lifespan.
The other gave their senses
of taste and smell,
along with both their eyes.
Hopefully it likes you
and you'll get a bargain.
[KUROSE]
Well, then. After you.
[FUTURE DEVIL]
The future rules.
The future rules!
[FUTURE DEVIL]
♪ Yeah, yeah. ♪
♪ The future rules! ♪
"The future rules!"
Say it with me, dude!
[AKI] I came here to
make a contract with you.
Hurry up and tell me
what you want from me.
[FUTURE DEVIL] You can drop the
shitty attitude, for starters!
Screw it. Lemme take
a look into your future.
I'll know what I want
once I've seen what
you've got in store.
What're you waiting for?
Stick your face in there!
I can't see your future
until you do.
[FUTURE DEVIL humming]
[FUTURE DEVIL]
Hm?
[FUTURE DEVIL chuckles]
Huh?
[FUTURE DEVIL laughs]
[FUTURE DEVIL]
Okay, here's the deal.
I'll be moving into
your right eye.
Once I'm settled in, I can
lend you my power whenever.
[FUTURE DEVIL] "How'd I get off
that easy," you're thinking?
Simple. You're gonna go out
in the worst possible way.
[FUTURE DEVIL] I can tell you
about it if you like.
What happens is--
[AKI]
Don't bother.
I couldn't give a damn
about the way I die.
Only thing that matters is that
I kill who I need to kill.
The rest is just details.
Now get in my eye.
[DENJI groans]
All right. Those moves
earned you two a perfect score.
You've gotten to a point where
we don't have to do this daily.
Once a week'll be fine.
Eyy.
[POWER]
Excelsior.
You need to be able to
keep a cool head
when the adrenaline hits.
Always stay aware
of your situation
and know the weapons
available to you.
Remember that tomorrow
when you're in live combat.
Combat?
We're to apprehend
the Samurai Sword
and that girl with
the Snake Devil
who killed Himeno and
the rest of our coworkers.
The premiere of the
all-new Division Four,
as well as its farewell show,
should things go south.
Meaning, if you two
can't pull this thing off,
we're gonna be
fighting for real.
[DENJI]
If we gotta throw down,
I promise I'll let you limp away
when I'm done spankin' you.
Yeah?
Thanks to you,
I've gotten way stronger,
so now I can kill
all kinds of devils.
Soon I'll get my hook-up
night with Ms. Makima!
[MAKIMA] Thanks for
making the time to be here.
I realize you're busy.
And going forward,
I hope you'll continue to
instruct Denji and Power.
To tell you the truth,
I'm already getting
sick of those two.
[KISHIBE] My drinking seems
to get worse whenever
one of my hunting
dogs gets killed.
But I didn't think
it'd bother me
if a couple more toys
ended up broken.
Guess I'm getting
sentimental in my old age,
'cause I'm starting
to feel attached.
Anyway. You mentioned something
you wanted to discuss.
There was an organized hit
on Special Division.
Public Safety would've
seen it coming.
I'm betting you knew about it
and let it happen anyway.
You'll recall that I
was targeted as well.
You can play whatever kind of
fucked-up games you like.
Bury every last dog I train.
I'll be willing to
let all that slide
if you're doing it for
humanity's sake.
Big "if," though.
I have only one intention.
To save as many people
as possible from devils.
If Division Four
succeeds tomorrow,
we can inform the public.
The news media will
make you national heroes.
Working in the open,
you would be able to
fight more effectively,
and better protect
our country from devils.
You're full of shit.
[GRUNT A] The boss and his team
are hunkering down at the villa.
You oughta go.
[SAWATARI]
As long as Makima's alive,
we won't be safe
on Japanese soil.
If they attack here, we can
put up a fight, so quit whining.
Who asked you, skank?
Please, sir.
If Granddad was alive,
he never would've
had us turn tail and run.
And that shitbag Denji
is with Division Four.
This time, I'm cuttin'
his grimy little heart out.
The big guy doesn't need
you all looking after him.
We can bring him
back if he dies.
That said, if you
plan on staying,
do try not to get bitten.
What do you mean, "bitten"?
The hell's gonna bite us?
[SAMURAI SWORD]
We've got a secret weapon
down in the basement.
[roars]
[SAMURAI SWORD] A small
parting gift from Granddad.
Lotta guys who died in debt
are workin' it off
in our zombie army.
And humans who get bitten
by zombies become zombies.
That's how we
mop up Division Four.
We're doing a bit of sightseeing
and then heading back to Kyoto.
Most likely,
we'll never see you again.
So I'm gonna go ahead
and ask you this now.
My understanding's
that your main goal
is to kill the Gun Devil.
You honestly think
you could do it?
Be real. You lost
to some thugs who
took out about 20
Special Division guys,
and you're chasing
a full-blown monster
with a global reach and
a body count in the millions?
I get why you'd want to.
She and I joined Public Safety
'cause the Gun Devil
ruined our lives.
But you don't see us actually
trying to hunt the thing,
'cause that's insane if you
think about it for two seconds.
[KUROSE] Even just looking
at you kinda pisses me off.
It's embarrassing
watching you act like
the lead in a shonen manga.
You're givin' me
goosebumps here.
Seriously. Look at 'em.
There's nothing there.
[AKI] I really don't care
what you have to say about it.
I'm fighting this battle
even if it's hopeless.
Feel free to sit back
and watch me if you want.
Have a nice laugh when I die.
Rationally, I get that
I'm not capable of
doing what I set out to do.
But I also realize
that the only way
I can go on living
is to keep trying.
I appreciate your assistance.
[KUROSE]
Hey, Aki!
You genuinely do
piss me off, but I like you,
so here's one last
piece of advice.
"Only the crazies end up
in the Special Division,
so watch yourself!"
We have a guest
from Public Safety.
Get the best tea we got.
Thank you for
agreeing to cooperate.
Well, I heard that
some of our youngbloods
decided to start
poppin' caps out in Tokyo.
I don't think any of us
want that kinda trouble.
I need you to understand
that those boys weren't
acting on my orders.
I've been asking around,
and from what I hear,
this Sawatari woman
put 'em up to it.
Seems she got her hooks into
a bunch of our low-level guys.
The knuckleheads all ended up
signing contracts
with the Gun Devil.
What were the terms
of their contracts?
They say the buy-in fee
was a flat 20,000 yen.
That payment would get you
at least one gun and some ammo.
Who would've figured that
devils want money, too, right?
Guess they're not so different
from us after all.
I'd like the names of
everyone in your organization
who signed one of
those contracts.
Could I have you
write them down for me?
Yeah, save us the trouble.
Give 'em some time
in the slammer
to think about what they did.
[MAKIMA] Again, your cooperation
is appreciated.
I'd also like
the names of contractors
from the other families.
[YAKUZA BOSS A]
Hm?
Little lady. Listen.
I don't think you know
what you're asking.
If I give you what you want,
and the other families
hear about it,
we got a full-blown
gang war on our hands.
Real dumb move.
In the interest of
public safety,
I'm afraid I'll have to insist.
Now, Missy. Bear with me here.
You know what
a necessary evil is?
What do you think happens
if we all wipe each other out?
All the foreign gangs
see the market's opened up
and start flooding into Japan.
I won't deny we take part
in some nasty business.
But if you had any idea
the kinda shit
the Chinese or the Soviets
get up to on their turf,
you'd realize you're lucky
to have us around.
[YAKUZA BOSS A]
You and your fellow
Public Safety Devil Hunters
keep the people of Japan
safe from devils.
We yakuza keep 'em safe from
vicious overseas mobsters.
Though from what I'm told,
smart people don't end up
in your line of work,
so that might have all
gone over your head.
[YAKUZA laughing]
[YAKUZA]
Hm?
Think I'd spill
for whatever cash
you got in that doggie bag?
[MAKIMA] It doesn't
contain a single yen.
Rather, it holds
a collection of items.
Some articles we've acquired.
From the parents,
grandparents,
siblings,
wives,
and lovers
of everyone here.
Namely, their eyes.
Their what?
[YAKUZA BOSS A gasps]
There's no need to be alarmed.
Let me assure you,
they can be reattached
with no loss of function.
We have someone on staff
who can do just that,
assuming you'll still cooperate.
[YAKUZA D]
You bitch!
[gasps]
I'm aware of the concept
of a necessary evil.
I understand it's a convenient
justification for your misdeeds.
But society doesn't need
your cheap excuses.
If you were truly
a necessary evil,
you would be kept on
a much shorter leash,
with the hand of the state
firmly in control.
[SAWATARI] Devil Extermination
Division Two and the cops
have the ground floor and
basement exits closed off.
They'll be sending Special
Division Four in after us.
We're going to kill
as many of them as possible
and steal Denji's heart.
Once we have it,
I can call up the Snake,
and the two of us should be
able to make a clean escape.
I swear I'll kill
that little bastard.
Keep your cool and do your job.
Hazard pay is nice.
[DENJI yawns]
[KOBENI sighs]
I wanna go home.
If you got somewhere else
you'd rather be, then just go!
I've been doin'
some hardcore training
and it made me a badass.
Sideburn Guy's gonna get dead!
Aye, to overcome
their base thuggery
with our razor-keen minds.
'Tis a trivial matter!
[POWER laughs]
I hate my job.
[POWER laughing]
So, what's our plan?
"Plan" is the wrong word.
Special Division's goin' in.
All at once.
[SHIINA]
Excuse me.
Kanagawa Prefectural Police.
Lieutenant Shiina, sir.
I'm Furuno, with Division Two.
Head of Special Division Four.
Name's Kishibe.
The police and
Division Two are charged
with securing all exits at
ground and basement levels.
Special Division
will enter the building
and neutralize the terrorists.
Your part of the
mission should be
pretty straightforward,
but there's one caveat.
Special Division Four
is comprised
almost entirely of non-humans.
If any of 'em
got loose in the city,
we'd end up with more casualties
than if we gave the terrorists
what they asked for.
Your teams aren't gonna be
fighting the guys in there.
They need to worry
about my team.
I'll give you a brief rundown,
in case it goes sideways.
[BEAM]
Zombies! Zombies!
[cackles]
All-you-can-eat!
[KISHIBE]
There's the Shark Fiend,
who can swim in any surface,
including solid walls
and floors.
He can also briefly change
into his full devil form.
[VIOLENCE grunts]
[VIOLENCE]
Oh! My bad, bud!
Figured it was a zombie
comin' in for a li'l nibble.
[KISHIBE]
The Violence Fiend.
Typically, a Fiend is weaker
than the devil they were,
but we still have to
drip-feed this one
with poison gas
for our own safety.
Hence the mask.
Do not remove that mask
under any circumstance.
[VIOLENCE]
Hey there, young lady.
You might wanna skedaddle.
One little bite
from these fellas
can make a human turn zombie.
[VIOLENCE]
Oh, wait! You're a devil!
[KISHIBE] The Spider Devil,
which usually prefers
to stay in humanoid form.
The ones that can do that mostly
get along well with people,
but in the end,
they're still devils.
They'll kill you for
looking at 'em wrong.
[ANGEL]
Ugh. Don't bleed on my shoe.
This really sucks.
[KISHIBE]
The Angel Devil.
No hostility toward humans,
but I still recommend
you keep your distance.
Make contact and you'll
lose years off your lifespan.
[ZOMBIE G grunting]
[grunts]
You. Over there.
Can I borrow a hankie?
[POWER, DENJI grunting]
Pretty brave to
come this close to me.
You know touching me would
siphon off your life.
Not if there's fabric
in between, right?
Ow, jeez.
Devil, take this one outside.
Ordering me around, huh?
Well. I'd rather
do that than fight.
[AKI]
You three.
The Fiends can take care
of things down here.
Let's find the Samurai Sword
and the Snake woman.
Huh? You sayin'
you know where to look?
No. We'll split up and search.
[grunts]
[door opens]
[gasps]
Surrender and come along qui--
[SAWATARI]
Snake. Spit it out.
[gasps]
Oh, you motherfucker.
Ghost. Kill this guy.
You're better than
you were before.
[FUTURE DEVIL]
Anytime you call upon my power,
your right eye will get a nice
quick peek into the future.
[FUTURE DEVIL]
But that's all. Just a peek.
[AKI groans]
[coughs]
Keep squeezing till he's dead.
[groans]